# Dual-access-control-cloud-based-sharing-and-storage
OBJECTIVE:
This project aims to create a Privacy Enabled and Secured Cloud Project deployed in AMAZON WEB SERVICES (AWS). Services offered are Privacy, Encryption and Decryption, hindering Denial of Sustainability attacks.
ABSTRACT:
Cloud-based data storage service has drawn increasing interests from both academic and industry in the recent years due to its efficient and low cost management. Since it provides services in an open network, it is urgent for service providers to make use of secure data storage and sharing mechanism to ensure data confidentiality and service user privacy. To protect sensitive data from being compromised, the most widely used method is encryption. However, simply encrypting data cannot fully address the practical need of data management. Besides, an effective access control over download request also needs to be considered so that Economic Denial of Sustainability attacks cannot be launched to hinder users from enjoying service. In this scheme, we consider the dual access control, in the context of cloud-based storage, in the sense that we design a control mechanism over both data access and download request without loss of security and efficiency. Two dual access control systems are designed in this paper, where each of them is for a distinct designed setting. 
Keywords: Cloud-based data sharing, access control, cloud storage service, Intel SGX, attribute-based encryption.
All the jsp are the web content of the user and the admin
